"Everything first day as a Sutra. Sutra is every Buddha's teaching as Mahayana. Everything is, is
Unsolid, Asly-Magical. Unsolid-Magical. If all phenomena existing, include your soul. If you see as
Unsolid, solid, magical, dream-like, that is good realization. Very good realization."
Then, when you, when you become that stronger, stronger, then what in the Vajrayana of, in the S
utra of Sikkim said, and as well as also in the Vajrayana too, is known as then, the emptiness
appearance in, in sapera.
And that is also great visualization, great meditation, great realization. When you realize that
everything as translucent emptiness, as like form is emptiness, emptiness form everything, as in
that status. That is great realization, and that is great. That is true nature. It's nothing, again
, strange anything, but it is exactly the nature it is.
Then, the next one in the Vajrayana teaching, as I spoke, is known as the, everything is divine,
mandala of the great blissfulness of emptiness, same palette.
That translucent state is magical, and emptiness, appearance is the same thing, but now bliss
fulness of great wisdom. That is what all come by. Exactly.
Immediately, we are lifted up from the ordinary mandala, you are in war, to the ordinary state of
the our, ours, our truth, our nature as great blissfulness, emptiness.
That is known as the, the skillful means of the Vajrayana teachings, is swept path, quick path,
quick path, instantly you are entered in that. That is good realization, all that excellent
realization.
And then we kind of, we explore the natures of beauty, but also there is another one, right? That
is called, what's called? Heg, Heg is a jitapat, you know, right? Heg is a what? Heg is a bhosa. He
g is a bhosa. Have you had the realization of the Heg is a bhosa. Heg is a bhosa, Heg is a bhosa, or
strength in you. That's it.
Have you had the strength in realization? Without the laboratory machine, that is good realization.
Definitely.
That means yourself and the object in a strange state. A strange state. That is good, magical
realization.
This is all relative levels. All the relative levels. Good. Without really laboratory supports.
Have you had that realization, strength I think? And I think quite good.
You are quite close to the state of the relative tools. Quite deep state of the relative tools.
Quite good realization.
What is a praise? What all is tells? There is no substantial, solid, tangible existence. Everything
is that for magical display. Everything starts with the status.
For those who are using, Buddha uses examples to prove that, to make that kind of that we can
understand and move forward as like those example used as surfing boat that we can move forward.
Those are the magic dream, reflection of the moon and the water, mirage and rainbows and then
double images and hallucination cities in the space after drops or during drops.
All those Buddha use examples to catch up this realization, this nature. Nature is that status. The
relative nature is displayed. This is what all is displayed.
This is not just mystery or talking something far beyond. This is really what it is. It is. In
order to bring up this realization quickly as nature is and then we do this visualization.
Visualization meditations. And that is. And so that is now you understand. The purpose of this
visualization is to bring up the anxiety where the nature is and break down our habit patterns or
the transforming habit, our habit patterns and then revert the blessfulness in light of the
qualities of this every, every existing or everyday.
That is the purpose of the visualizations. So with this understanding and now I move forward, we
move to this.